hey everybody welcome back to on the
line please binding of issac afterbirth
Plus last run we is a new era let me
just say that we had strife and
persevered this run I am going to drop
ringworm right off the bat brmm cqy -
and I mean I know what you're saying
you're looking at this and you're going
my dog you got mega and you got black
candle right off the bat that's a great
start and you know what you certainly
certainly are not wrong I will say oh
that's not great our rate of fire is
also good don't forget about that our
damage is pretty actually bad but of
course everything else in this run like
so much more than balances it out so
this should be another good one and dude
this is exactly what I needed
I mean we let's not act like this is a
one run so many things going on we're on
like the 8th the roof or something like
that you know we could die on the hog
fight it would it would be very sad but
not impossible it'd be sad enough if we
just got to hit one more time on the
Honda fight but Wow okay we'll be
careful what you wish for but this is
exactly what I needed is a couple of
runs that we're up to no good started
making trouble in the neighborhood but a
couple of runs that put me in this
situation where now I feel like I can be
decent at Isak again once this one's
done our buy one get one free easiest
runs of all time coupon is officially
expired I think but take what I can get
for now thank you for not taking me to a
narrow room I would have been mad
displeased Oh dark bum as well okay well
now don't do many it don't be do me any
favors here this is getting a little
ridiculous but we are going to go to our
shop as well because even though an
arcade might be nice would be good to
have spear at hearts as well survival
does matter at least until we get to the
point where like and hopefully we will
reach this where it's basically
impossible to lose but you might be
saying Oh old NL would have taken
ringworm
to some extent you're right but old NL
also cared just a little bit too much
about what people thought you know it is
good to care about what people think I
think when I was a teenager I had to say
idea like when I get older my goal is to
not care about what anybody else thinks
it's like a diluted shortcut to self
confidence or something like that caring
about what other people think means
you're courteous oh there was a tinted
rock instead of the secret room here a
font a little sermon we don't need to
use that but that's still okay it means
that you're a courteous person you know
I'm not saying you should go outside and
be like oh this is are my pants okay I
don't know but I am saying you know it
means that you're you care about what
other people think you know you care
about how they live their lives that's a
good thing but I cared maybe a little
bit too much to the point where it has
becoming deleterious ringworm is just
not good it's in fact so bad I'm going
to take this pretty flies very nice
actually thanks for the spider it is
actually very deleterious it's not just
a fun easier effect it's actually kind
of terrible it makes it nearly
impossible to hit your shot speed it
gets cranked up by like a factor of 34
just be careful around these rocks you
know
more spirit hearts please is too many
orange fires to be honest new this is a
very aggressive very aggressive room
take your shot
shoot coward you're only gonna kill a
man no not the spiders going right to
the door that I was going to go to
apologies for the reaction but I was
also at the same time a little perturbed
by the situation as it presented itself
okay we got two bombs I would like to
get to three and a half or four spirit
hearts so and you know it's not
implausible to have that happen our luck
stat is above zero and also we have dark
bombs so thinking some combination of
those elements should lead us to be able
to having three and a half to four
spirit arts by the deal with the devil
which means we can take a deal with the
devil without dying and hopefully then
we could buy something from the shop of
necessary to supplement our HP but may
or may not be relevant ideal shop items
by the way anything that allows us to
really hope this isn't a dead end
good good good anything that allows us
to charge up mega faster is pretty much
invaluable okay well the good news is we
can't take any of this anyway the bad
news is that did almost cost myself a
chance at it but you know I guess we're
going to be going for an angel room
unless unless things change here it was
really funny we could have if we'd gone
to the shop and maybe blown it up we
could have Bob
he could have ba ba ba ba ba ba you know
we could have bought a spirit heart and
maybe would have taken debts touch there
but you know what that might have been
terrible maybe taking deaths touch in
that situation would have killed us dead
like two rooms laters so I don't feel
too bad about it I think we made a
reasonably well-informed decision now we
got deals of the angel to look forward
to I wouldn't presume that that
guarantees us access to a good run
seven cents gives us King baby don't
know that's relevant in the least don't
fart on me I don't give you permission
to fart on me hey that's it we got to
buy a bomb it's this simple
that's the only explanation told dead
onion is not sad onion but it's still
great okay here's what you do crack into
this go grab it
don't take it hermit card there's no
bomb for sale there is no God
okay um Hiro font great card but it's
not a bomb dude you telling me I have to
leave magic must really a send on this
run there's nothing like there's
actually nothing we can do you know I
guess I'll have to be content with just
black candle mega dark bomb and
cat-o'-nine-tails on the first two
floors it hard something not every run
can be a 15 out of 10 will have to deal
with our 13 out of 10 and just accept
that that's the way life is sometimes
it's unfair you know what it would
actually be awesome to get and we had
this on our last run our last non daily
run at least it would be awesome to get
jumper cables
because mega will kill enough enemies to
get at least like a fifth of its charges
back I don't know mega might have 12 so
a fifth of 12 is not you know an integer
making the whole metaphor compromise but
just imagine it's a floating-point
number we could have taken advantage of
that if we've gotten mega on our last
run or if we get jumper cables on this
run let's see what we can do there but
for now I'm kind of excited
angel rooms this could be a mega satan
attempt mega two mega satan what are the
odds what a country what will they think
of next
mega to mega satan ingenious please 0.57
luck you got to give me a bomb at some
point it sounds like I'm praying to a
lord called 0.57 luck lucky some sort of
frickin destiny Android protocol droid
let's go probably not a huge deal to get
linger beam here there's something kids
dad's gonna can't stress enough by the
way dead onion huge get I love decided
the low shot speeds sometimes hurts a
little bit but well done I think it's
probably about a million times better we
should do like one more room just so
that we don't cause ourselves to kill
the boss and then sit inside of the deal
with the devil or angel for the next 25
seconds benda item room not really a
good purpose to go to shop I say we just
head down to the next floor honestly you
got a spirit out for me no such luck on
and it's just bounce manly is anything
else too important for us on this floor
Cuba meat is nice but our damage itself
is good enough especially with the
cannon ion tails and then effectively
piercing shots so now we've got 75
percent chance of a deal
175 mega gives us a better deal chance
well it's not Cuba me and it's not dead
onion it could be black feather but I
thought black feather was just a damage
increase for every evil upgrade of which
you I believe we have zero right now
linger beam I don't know man I'm often
out of no man's land a battery charge
it's a bummer but we're still holding it
together pretty nicely here feel like
the most common way we get mega these
days is to actually just spawn with it
it does show up occasional deal with the
devil but it seems to I mean it doesn't
show up every week or anything like that
but it seems disproportionately likely
to show up on an even started birth I
guess maybe you can random items from
any pool so it might actually be
literally more likely to show up on an
even start it might not just be variants
working out in our favor for the 4000
time every so we do have a bomb now I
don't know if I want to go back to the
curse room probably not the worst idea
but four and a half HP is a good spot to
take a deal with the devil if we if we
actually get one and decide to be don't
worry about deals of the angel the deal
with the devil is actually worth taking
what I'm trying to say here so let's
start going mister mega which is just
mega confusing I know mr. mega mega
couldn't get two items that are much
more different than that different
category different level of charges
different value propositions probably
several battery charges there you're
going to give me a range upgrade for all
my troubles huh not horrible with dead
onion but certainly like not what we're
looking
or to a clubs
pop then the Sun and the High Priestess
I guess you know we're almost done with
this floor already if we want to be
there's no point in taking Judas's
telling just yet and again we got like a
decent item but 0.39 damn and damage and
a little bit of concussion action is not
going to it's not going to win the day
for us or anything like that so I'm
going to be a little ballsy here and
it's somewhat brazen but I want to
backtrack anyway come on no they won't
open okay well I've made a terrible
mistake
I want to backtrack anyway to go to the
shop I would put that in contention for
possibly like the worst use do mega of
all time just a series of trap rooms and
nonsense so I'm going to sacrifice us
peer at heart
come back here open this up I was like
extraordinarily not worth it probably
could have told you that in advance but
where's the fun in that
jumper cables it's greed it's not jumper
cables sets us up in a great position
financially on the next run you know
it's like getting the big tax rebate
putting it into a savings fund or
something like that or an index fund
invested you know the tractive
performance of the S&P 500 at an
expected value of 7% a year it's a
sensible idea now it might not feel as
good as rent in a high action car you
know like a Ford Focus RS for a couple
hours but probably more sensible
although I don't know the once in a
lifetime thrill is offered by a Ford
Focus RS and pre did I mention though
recently I have become sponsored by the
Ford Motor Sports Company not true
that's probably illegal which is why I'm
enclosing this in curly braces aka
satire brackets not a secret room all
right if you say so we're going to head
down to the next floor we're going to
use the Sun like right away we got a 100
percent chance of a deal in air quotes
we just don't know what kind of deal is
going to be easy money so if we get a
deal with the oh this is a little scary
actually we get a deal with the devil
what are we looking for well first off
enough HP to make it work I can't
believe I know I've lost HP but I can't
believe our HP is so low
considering we got dark bum and not
negative 18 luck how is it plausible we
have had so few red hearts drop we
haven't been able to make dark bum give
us like more than two spirit odds do the
outbreak is amazing but well the
Northern Line you're talking about the
item not the movie starring Dustin
Hoffman and okay fine I forgot outbreak
actually is still awesome though the
movie's not so much apparently that
movies I mean I've only seen it on
Korean television when I was sequestered
in my hotel judgment well better angel
chance yeah
and a spirit heart that was money well
spent you know what hooked me up go hard
on the shop
so I don't really know either movies but
then I looked it up on Rotten Tomatoes
afterwards and I was told by Rotten
Tomatoes they said and outbreak it's not
the high point of any of the stars
careers so I took that as gospel and
I've been insulting the good work of
that filmmaking crew ever since I fan
peels like the pill voice announcer is
like the sponge mock mean in vocal form
the pill announcer is this but okay you
get where I'm going with that decide
whether or not it's funny and then laugh
or cringe accordingly and we'll move
along here okay this is the greatest
time for us for two runs in a row now I
find myself I mean they said it in the
song you all need somebody to lean on
but in this one it's you I'll need a
cube of meat son cube of meat when
you're not strong it will kill dudes it
can carry around it might be so long -
you don't need a cube of me to lean on
you just count book revelations if you
can okay okay it's too it's too far dude
you know what this is bad form but I
actually hates a brownie so we're going
to take care of that we're gonna snag HP
I really did not want to fight brownie
so wasted charged dude maybe wasted days
and wasted nights but I would do it
again if I got the chance
megha does destroy boss rush so we put
ourselves in a pretty good spot
got a look it's pretty bad
well we get a charge for every wave so
which is actually like an overpayment
because the average wave is a lot easier
than the average room you know there's
no hazards to watch out for it's just
three or four enemies nothing wrong with
that I'll keep elke we're down on the
next floor we got to make it to boss
rush but if we make it the boss rush we
can do boss rush even with our run
looking a little suspect here we can
make it the boss rush we actually have
two HP I would love to have taken Rawdon
baby we literally would have died unless
we took our HP before we went into the
deal with the devil which actually was
the more sensible approach now that I
think about it then we would have had
one HP novel we would have rotten baby
along with us that probably would have
been better I'm a I'm a big enough
person to admit my mistakes that was a
great contagion a great outbreak way
better than a stupid 1995 film starring
Dustin Hoffman am i right
more like dustin frig off man I don't
want to watch outbreak anymore when I
watch another one of your middle EMU V's
like last chance Harvey not a bad movie
just not a you know particularly strong
effort consistent as touching I suppose
at best oh we all need somebody to lean
on let's go Satanic Bible we don't need
it long term but we're happy to have it
for now and then in our double key room
which we can afford to go to for room
you know what this means
like I say like that full room you know
what this means it is the full realm
song no it means we roll our books we
get bookworm and we get a battery charge
bomb that's not a battery charge
but it's all starting to come together
here
teleport cards we don't have to fight
posterize should we get a teleport card
so we know that this is a secret room we
know that that's worth it worth it work
we blow this guy up to take his money so
we are got an easy like frictionless
shop purchasing power death card Hermit
card hermit card is a teleport out of
the boss rush this is it Luchini pouring
from the sky let's get rich what the
cheeky vines the sugar dimes can't quit
what
so pop the cork and steam the Vegas and
let's get lit what's and then he
honestly couldn't piece together like
the next 100 words he says introducing
phantom of the door walk through my
heaven with something and something and
something showboatin with Ruger's
Bellefonte bigger asking for what it's
worth as we confiscate your figures and
then Sonny Chiba goes in and he says
Casanova Brown levitating cheeky and
dashikis ala hot a car 54 chasing
diamond runners and then I'm just lost
at that point it's just you know biggie
Azalea raps in my head like they got the
skills I do not have the skills oh we've
already seen a dice room so I don't
really want to go into the other double
key room they tend to not be worth it
that's I'm going to source that that's
Lucini by camp low from the 1997 album
uptown Saturday night a Forgotten near
classic with soul samples long before
Kanye West's late registration took them
to number one on the Billboard Hot 200
please No Deal
Polaroid we pick something up we get
boss rush decide for yourself everybody
sorry we get Megas what I mean to say
decide for yourself we doing this
crickets head great get
we should use mega so we can get the
extra charge right away it's going very
well right now by the way we're just
worried about fighting enemies that
unfortunately have long death animations
luckily it hasn't been that much of a
problem so far that took a little longer
than I'd like but this ended up a you
know in my opinion being very much worth
the cost of doing business here
we got crickets head for free analog
stick by the way I didn't even mention
it but case you're unaware its tears
upgrade even if you don't want to take
advantage of the 360 aiming so this is
actually like an excellent use of our
boss restroom here we also got an HP
upgrade for effectively doing no work
and we've still got a full charge I
don't even want to teleport anymore even
though we haven't been to our shop yet I
don't see the need to teleport we'll use
it down here instead and try to choose
our way into a early mom fight
the more big rooms like the merrier dude
that's fine in fact it's actually very
very good this is when we started out of
control strong on this run you got to
admit there was a lull in the middle
where it seemed like a win was gonna
happen still but like it's not amazing
now we are looking really really nice on
this run amazingly we've done this
without getting a single deal like we've
gotten the deals we just haven't taken
any I would love to see an angel deal
now I still think negative mega Satan is
the funniest thing in the world let's
see they have the same word in them but
the game seems to feel differently and
it exclusively wants to give me deals of
the devil will still have deal with the
angel chance because we're only taking
Guppies caller crackerjacks has shown up
and given me a speed upgrade actually
good even merciful if I'm being honest
and got to be honest like I know I said
honest about 12 times in the last two
seconds but at 24 minutes in our last
run we had just picked up mom's Knight
to the best of my knowledge so this is a
much better performance just from the
seed perspective like eight point seven
damage plus piercing shots plus mega
it's pretty nice
we live in lavish here hidden them slide
for the cenotes as they said in Luchini
at this point we're just trying to do as
many rooms as possible that we have a
few you know less rooms to do to get our
mega charge back dark bomb is finally
coming through because it's getting the
red hearts that help it function you
know we got a whole nice little
operation going here and I'm not talking
about water around the knee a whole
bucket see all you've done it we should
be picking up money but I really don't
think I'm gonna fight hush you might
think this is a lame reason for it but
I'm not convinced that our range is
suitable for a hush fight because of
dead onion and poor shot speed you got
to be pretty close to enemies to kill
them and being pretty close to hush is a
recipe for taking more hits than I'd
like and mega doesn't crap on in the way
you'd expect
not sure if it's super Armour or what
but now void I think is a different
story like fighting delirium on void I
think mega works pretty well at that if
we get the opportunity after the chest
we'll go for it I do kind of want to
take this down to the down to the
cathedral and the chest first though to
see how it works so no deals with the
angel my apologies but I think it's
utterly apparent I did try red chest
means we open them golden chest means we
might open them stone chefs means we
open them regular chest means we don't
care
and if we don't care then you don't care
one two three times two to the six
something something quick with the limp
biscuit mix I can't remember it's been
for a verse it's probably like four
years since I listened to roll in by
limb biscuit and even then it was only
for meme purposes which I think it's
like smoking in movies your brain
doesn't count it as
as poison because it's for them dudes
for the purposes of art please die
faster we'll go back for the battery
charge this is looking like it's pretty
much got to be the right way to get to
the oh and a curse room here that is
bordered by a secret room but it's
looking like this is the right way to
the boss probably so pretty close to
being able to it's fine pretty close to
being able to go down to the chest and
see how our life looks once we make it
down there plus we're pretty close to a
mega charge see I probably should have
been hit there alone oh please tell me
that somebody else got poisoned through
like whatever astral plane you guys used
to teleport around not so bad a dead end
at this stage of a an area I don't buy
it what I do buy is that cancer trinket
0.88 speed is like god-awful but being
able to have a much better rate of fire
here seems like a suitable positive you
just sometimes you got to pay damage to
the spike gods in order to say thank you
for giving me the good rng here
money well-spent
now you actually oh I thought you could
go straight down and use the mega charge
a little bit of it apparently not we
should be in a bulletproof situation and
it got better although I wouldn't
necessarily say much much better um I
mean you know we do give the Emperor
card black hole I'm not going to use but
several pills I can see forever X lakhs
we're going to keep using mega because
it's amazing but we could use the
emperor card so as far as I'm concerned
we just won that Emperor card is a win
I'm choosing not to collect on and the
Mulligan by the way amazing pickup and
certainly cements in my opinion at least
that we made the right decision here by
choosing to go with the cancer trinket
just keep walking backwards because you
know firing more shots means getting
more flies
on average but also like unassailably
mathematically intergalactic planetary
0.57 luck it's a very strange number to
be at the end the run to pick up zero
lucky pennies over the course of a whole
run is almost more impressive than
having like not than having like 20 luck
but it's more impressive than having
like three luck luckily I'd say every
other stat except for maybe our speed
and range have made up for it in a big
way
like there's and it's why I'm struggling
a little bit from a commentary
perspective I have nothing to complain
about and that's really like that's my
bread and butter I think we could find
ourselves very very very slightly under
the gun if we don't have a mega charge
and then we end up fighting like a
double gate room and then a double
adversary room and my brain breaks and
I'm like you know me sweet just use your
Cuba meat against all these guys despite
not having permanent polar invincibility
like this is a wonderful room for
contagion or outbreak but a nasty room
to not have mega admittedly we certainly
made up for not being able to get rotten
baby though all right this will not
charge us on the bright side we're going
to have a charge for the boss don't need
your HP just
around him here I'm going to try to kill
ultra lust last I don't really need nine
lives in hindsight I was kind of hoping
there'd be a wrath on you so I not a
wrath an Envy on here and I could use
that Envy to pick up shoopdawhoop or
something but not a huge deal either way
boss fight a boss fight boss fight we
should be good
void or no void we'll play it as we see
it should are known of course it's going
to be a void floor there is a battery
charge back here that's pretty important
crack into these these are free items
stigmata
I'm not against leech either we need
basically save as much HP as possible
for the Delirium fight I think if you've
got full HP you're not going to lose the
Delirium fight and this is a big moment
for us because I've lost on delirium
like three or four times in a row now so
to come through on a good run and finish
the job here would feel really nice I
got to test something because I don't
know how many other people are willingly
coming down to the Delirium floor but
not just pills again I was hoping that
it wouldn't give us pills and instead it
would give us an item as you know a
reward for coming down here but it's
okay it's not that I'm sad about it or
anything it's not like I am going to
change the chances of us wanting to run
or anything like that don't be silly
it's not like I like you or anything
I saw that coming a mile away and tried
to like dodge around it I don't know man
hear me out here I don't think we should
use mega like amber I think we should
hold mega in case we come across our
delirium fight right away we could use
the Emperor to teleport out of that but
mega doesn't seem that useful for
room-clearing right now just because I
mean it's obviously literally useful for
room-clearing but it doesn't seem that
great because it doesn't charge itself
up and I'm not going way away I can't
use mega all the time I think we really
really would like mega to be available
for our boss fights so let me just hold
the charge and rely on your still very
good DPS here in the interim period and
pick up as many you know hearts and
spirit ARS as you can see we can
obviously full HP is ideal if we can't
make it in there with full HP it's not
necessarily the end of the world but
like don't give up damage for no reason
mom's box of trinkets was given a safety
cap it does also make the cancer trinket
twice as good so the next step is a
nalgas ruin and we just got it we got
two actually but like we need the
algae's ruin way more than we need the
emperor card and due to all of our
bosses are like clustered over there
which is actually sweet for one I think
it means that I can use mega and
probably will be able to generate a
charge magic mush no it's fine
and on a room like that that could have
been a difference-maker she try to chart
a course with no backtracking but oh
well
the algae's ruin should give us a pretty
easy lead on a win here especially if we
have a full- time we do have Guppies
collar but we need one more guppy item
to make that work but if it works it's
beautiful it's just a little scary right
now it's one of the rare like very very
rare situations in which an improperly
played nine lives could actually kill us
this should have no chance to be
delirium this is a very nice layout I
only see two bosses that have a high
chance to be delirium left could be
delirium and then top right could be
delirium this is not delirium just a
little baby Isaac
which almost makes you want to pop my
first algae's and then go back for the
other one if necessary at a slightly
later date I think we'll just play it as
is right now we're doing fine
it's a good exercise in patience to
begin with I don't necessarily feel the
need to do every boss before delirium
might be nice to just get to full HP and
then do every boss or sorry an endo
delirium but we'll see all right an
extra spirit heart I actually feel like
probably the right play with algae's is
you wait till you get a hip down lengua
don't speak to me ever again you wait
until you get a hit down to one HP
little dicey admittedly it's late to you
know somewhere in that range and then
you pop algae's and you hope that the
leech generates a little bit of HP for
you to get back to full and that way you
didn't waste any opportunity cost you
actually use the algae's we're going to
regenerate a little bit of HP along with
you a theme is totally fine probably
unlikely to generate too many demon
hearts for us but certainly not useless
so I'm not going to be dodging too much
here we can get out of the way of
enemies but getting out of the way of
shops is a little finicky here we
basically killed like half of deliriums
HP and we summoned like a buttload of
flies and Eve in the mean time here so
just be smart because the nalgas rune is
probably not enough to mathematically
save you right now but
you know the same reasons I had for not
going to the hush fight completely apply
right now our range is so bad it's hard
for us to hit him without putting
ourselves a great risk so I'm actually
going to break my own rule and pop
algae's right away just so if it goes
wrong we're not coming off of algae's
panicking about having you know one hit
away from death
I'm calling slight bullshit he
regenerated HP when he changed into a
different form of an enemy we're going
to win though delirium is going to die
and you know what a great run for
confidence purposes I'm feeling a lot
better about my eyes play maybe
absolutely started with mega but we did
have to forsake magic mushroom this run
don't forget about that catch me outside
don't forget about that for now though
thanks for watching hope you enjoyed if
you did click the like button how's that
a great deal of course subscribe if you
want see more in the future but for now
thanks for watching it of course I'll
see you next time